as so today I was at my local fair okay
and they had um they had pets available
for winning at someone else's contest we
have to put the ball in the bottle or
something model nobody's but idea it's
justice' this ball to this cop and it's
weird
and I'm sure you guys have seen it and
there was iguanas fish there was Turtles
there's a lot of reptiles and stuff like
that and I'm planning it's a three day
thing so I'm planning to go back there
tomorrow to win another twin a baby
green iguana and hopefully another fish
or two so this guy um as I can tell has
been through a lot of trouble um so this
is all I got him I got him in this
little tiny tiny probably like one pint
tank okay and I'm just going to give him
more to the light so I can show you what
is really wrong with this thing all
right so you see the near this is not
exactly how they gave to me I didn't
even open anything I didn't do anything
and does that I give to me so it's
goldfish um
as you can see the top of it is very
cloudy very very very cloudy looks like
there's been crickets in here she's
tricking feces in here I'm sure there is
there's just dirty overall and I see the
water is somewhat a little bit cloudy
like I see a piece of dog hair in there
phone around you see some hair and then
I see some little and these rocks
are probably the dirtiest rocks you can
find and um one thing that really makes
me mad is um I opened this up right
and tick drop-off so top and I tried it
around and what I find there's a crack a
big old crack and take Lotus but the
water is actually leaking out when I
opened this one see how far does it go
and then to snap it back in place for
the water to stop thank you
so obviously that's not good at all and
look it's the leaking oil just came out
dry that up because that's who knows
where that water's been built on if I
piss for all we know and this ball here
and there and everything and I look at
the goldfish and looking half as good
fish in this little tank and as I see
something really bad half of its tail is
bitten or cut off or whatnot um and it's
really making it so I'm glad actually
rescued this guy today he's just some
kid maybe some kid probably would have
had him put him in this tank and
probably kill them so um the phrasing is
I asked the lady about Belize I was
running the ad stand I said this is a
joke
because I have fish I have trample fish
shoal water fish I have a couple
different tanks or I keep my fish and I
do have a goldfish tank um but I you
know as a joke I just let's see what she
knew pastor I said um how do you take
care of these goldfish and I and she
said Oh her goldfish you can keep them
in this little tiny tank she hits a
little tiny tank but she said you can
keep them in this tank right here for
their whole life and um you only ever
freedom once every other day and I asked
her watch what to feed them and she she
said a brine shrimp that's exactly what
she told me she told me to feed in brine
trip
and I know that's frozen food and
everything I know that is but I just
stick to my sinking pellets and
obviously did not know what that she was
not she was trying to get the goldfish
out of there um you know it's a it's a
common as you can tell here it's very
very common
there's no white spots anywhere and I
know it's healthy and so that so I
mean I know it's healthy I know what
it's like but the one thing I really
like it makes me laugh everything she
said the whole life and I said I told
her I got pretty bad actually I told her
when it gets run against like three
years old laughter you're the one I bet
cold fish can look like 49 years what
happens when it gets his big is like
your head then what do I do
she got this off and he saw whatever um
so right now obviously can take it out
and dump these crap and dump this gravel
outside I'm gonna introduce this fish to
its new home
okay so let's bring it over there get
the roll this my goldfish take right now
many of you seen this on my channel so I
got a couple new ones let me just put
this right here for now for a second
show off the fish just cut open this up
oh very nice shot right there okay come
here
let's get you out of there come on
you're gonna go into the pinger tank
didn't you go okay I got him hammer her
she's in the ditch
here he isn't in that he's you're going
to go to a better home now come on keep
him in let him do him a little sit there
for just a second just so I can get you
still water and I'm slowly gonna go like
this and he's in first yeah there he is
there he is a good home Dumpty's just
water all this tank place step
on it
all right let me get back into focus
here okay come on focus
okay it looks like he's not gonna focus
but um all right remember to rate
comment and subscribe remember we'll be
posting a video about me I'm going to
try to win in or go on tomorrow which I
think I will win an iguana I'll try not
really interested in our tools I have to
rate of your sliders and better why
anymore so I am going to go on to iguana
so I'm trying to remove on a song I
think I'm pretty sure saw blue we can't
think or Guana
in a in the tank there's a Chinaman
Ellen great rate comment subscribe to
you later
try again new close-up on his new her
she always adapting yeah well she had oh
there's